Digging Jim Registration FAQ
----------------------------

Q : Who is Kagi and how does this company relate to Persei Entertainment?
A : Kagi is a well-established business that provides payment-processing services. All 
    registrations of Digging Jim goes through them.

Q : I want to pay with a check. Who should it be made payable to?
A : This is very important: Checks and money orders should be made payable to "Kagi" as they
    handle all the payment processing for Digging Jim. Checks have to be in USD and drawn from
    a US bank.

Q : What am I paying for?
A : A license of Digging Jim for one computer. The non-registered version should not be used 
    for anything else than evaluation purposes. Registering also unlocks all the 100 challenging 
    caves, Load Caves in the game and the Test Level function in the editor. Futhermore the
    registration program will not execute when you quit the game anymore. Your license is valid
    for all future 1.XX versions.

Q : How is the registration code provided?
A : If you register via the internet or provide a email address in your postal registration
    you'll get the code per email as soon as your payment is processed. If you only provide
    a postal address you'll get it on a postcard(costs 3 USD).

Q : What is the URL of the WWW internet registration page?
A : http://order.kagi.com/?Q6U

Q : My email-app dosn't support MAPI. Can I just write off the registration form and email it
    to Kagi?
A : No. The registration form is a binary file which includes barcodes and in some instances
    encrypted creditcard information. If you can't get MAPI to work you'll have to print the
    form and send or fax it to Kagi(or even better: use WWW registration).

Q : The exchange rate for my currency is bloated in the register program. A mistake?
A : Probably not. If you choose not to pay in USD there is extra cost for Kagi which is
    reflected on the exchange rate.

Q : What is the point of the stripes at the bottom on my printed registration form?
A : They are bar codes used to automate the payment processing and thus very important. All your
    information is encoded here including creditcard numbers(if creditcards are used in the 
    payment that is) which are also encrypted for extra safety. 

Q : How secure is the internet registration?
A : Almost 100% if you select Secure Server on the webpage that emerges(the reason for not
    defaulting to it is that not all browsers supports SSL). It is a well known fact that 
    the risk associated with creditcard processing over the internet is hugely exaggerated
    by the media! Persei Entertainment and/or Kagi can, however, not take any responserbility 
    for the security of your information while it's transfered on the network.

Q : My question is not answered in this FAQ! What to do?
A : All questions about the payment should be directed to Kagi. Their website has extensive
    information about their service(http://www.kagi.com). You can also email them at 
    sales@kagi.com. More general questions about the game should be directed to
    peter@persei.dk ...